Updated to continue working in 2025, refactored codebase (#8)
benjavicente/canvas-file-downloader: readme.md

# Canvas File Downloader

Complete file downloader for Canvas (Instructure)!

> Originally by [Ben Javicente](https://github.com/benjavicente/canvas-file-downloader), essentially rewritten from scratch by [Aaron Becker](https://github.com/aaroexxt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originally by [Benjamin Vicente](https://github.com/benjavicente/canvas-file-downloader), essentially rewritten from scratch by [Aaron Becker](https://github.com/aaroexxt).
```

Benja is the spanish equivalent of Ben in english ;)
